Additional IP Rights Grant (Patents)
------------------------------------

"These implementations" means the copyrightable works that implement
OrioleDB. Supabase hereby grants to you a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated
in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to
sell, sell, import, transfer, and otherwise run, modify, and propagate
the contents of these implementations of OrioleDB, where such License
applies only to those patent claims, both currently owned by Supabase
and acquired in the future, licensable by Supabase that are
necessarily infringed by these implementations of OrioleDB. This grant
does not include claims that would be infringed only as a consequence
of further modification of these implementations. If you or your agent
or exclusive licensee institute or order or agree to the institution
of patent litigation or any other patent enforcement activity against
any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit)
alleging that any of these implementations of OrioleDB or any code
incorporated within any of these implementations of OrioleDB
constitute direct or contributory patent infringement, or inducement
of patent infringement, then any patent rights granted to you under
this License for these implementations of OrioleDB shall terminate as
of the date such litigation is filed.
